Update README and timestamp (#2)
LionetChen/best-example: README.md

# The Best Example Ever
Which will be a part of the best commit ever

## Installation

> Just browser it with Chrome

Reviewer: I like these 2 lines

Author: Glad you do

# The Best Example Ever

> Which will be a part of the best commit ever

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which will be a part of a very good commit
```
Dial it down a bit?

## Installation
Just browser it with Chrome

## Other Info

> 

Reviewer: This empty line is not necessary

Author: Agree

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Just delete it maybe? @LionetChen

Master branch is protected since 2210 hours on 2022-08-14

<details>

### More details
More to come

> 

Reviewer: I'm not sure about this empty line as well

Author: Leave it for now
